docs/data-sources/cluster.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "acloud_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-acloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# acloud_cluster (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) Slug of the Environment of the Cluster
- `slug` (String) Slug of the Cluster

### Optional

- `organisation` (String) Slug of the Organisation of the Cluster

### Read-Only

- `cloud_account_identity` (String) Identity of the Cloud Account used to deploy the Cluster
- `cloud_provider` (String)
- `cni` (String) CNI plugin for Kubernetes
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Is delete protection enabled on the cluster
- `description` (String) Description of the Cluster
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the Cluster
- `pod_security_standards_profile` (String) Pod Security Standards used by default within the cluster
- `region` (String) Region of the Cloud Provider to deploy the Cluster in
- `status` (String)
- `update_channel` (String) Avisi Cloud Kubernetes Update Channel that the Cluster follows
- `version` (String) Avisi Cloud Kubernetes version of the Cluster

Commit message:

feat(cluster): add addons support and improve cluster/nodepool state handling

docs/data-sources/cluster.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "acloud_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-acloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# acloud_cluster (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) Slug of the Environment of the Cluster
- `slug` (String) Slug of the Cluster

### Optional

- `addons` (Set of Object) Add-ons configured for the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--addons))
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Is delete protection enabled on the cluster
- `organisation` (String) Slug of the Organisation of the Cluster

### Read-Only

- `cloud_account_identity` (String) Identity of the Cloud Account used to deploy the Cluster
- `cloud_provider` (String)
- `cni` (String) CNI plugin for Kubernetes
- `description` (String) Description of the Cluster
- `enable_multi_availability_zones` (Boolean) Used to configure if the cluster should support multi availability zones for its node pools
- `id` (String) The Cluster UUID Identity as the ID of this Terraform resource
- `name` (String) Name of the Cluster
- `pod_security_standards_profile` (String) Pod Security Standards used by default within the cluster
- `region` (String) Region of the Cloud Provider to deploy the Cluster in
- `status` (String)
- `update_channel` (String) Avisi Cloud Kubernetes Update Channel that the Cluster follows
- `version` (String) Avisi Cloud Kubernetes version of the Cluster

<a id="nestedblock--addons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addons`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the add-on
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the add-on is enabled

Optional:

- `custom_values` (Map of String) Custom values for the add-on. Values are stringified for the API and any keys are allowed.
