docs/resources/nodepool.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "acloud_nodepool Resource - terraform-provider-acloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a node pool for a cluster
---

# acloud_nodepool (Resource)

Create a node pool for a cluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_slug` (String) Slug of the Cluster
- `environment_slug` (String) Slug of the Environment
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum amount of nodes in the Node Pool
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum amount of nodes in the Node Pool
- `name` (String) Name of the Node Pool
- `node_size` (String) Type of machines in the Node Pool
- `organisation_slug` (String) Slug of the Organisation

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to put on the nodes in the Node Pool
- `auto_scaling` (Boolean) Enables auto scaling of the Node Pool when set to true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to put on the nodes in the Node Pool
- `node_auto_replacement` (Boolean)
- `taints` (Block List) Taints to put on the nodes in the Node Pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--taints))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

Commit message:

add availability zone for node pools
Signed-off-by: Thomas Kooi <t.j.kooi@avisi.nl>

docs/resources/nodepool.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "acloud_nodepool Resource - terraform-provider-acloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a node pool for a cluster
---

# acloud_nodepool (Resource)

Create a node pool for a cluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_slug` (String) Slug of the Cluster
- `environment_slug` (String) Slug of the Environment
- `name` (String) Name of the Node Pool
- `node_size` (String) Type of machines in the Node Pool
- `organisation_slug` (String) Slug of the Organisation

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to put on the nodes in the Node Pool
- `auto_scaling` (Boolean) Enables auto scaling of the Node Pool when set to `true`
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability Zone in which the nodes will be provisioned
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to put on the nodes in the Node Pool
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum amount of nodes in the Node Pool. Used when auto_scaling is set to `true`.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum amount of nodes in the Node Pool. Used when auto_scaling is set to `true`.
- `node_auto_replacement` (Boolean)
- `node_count` (Number) Number of nodes in the Node Pool. Used when auto_scaling is set to `false`.
- `taints` (Block List) Taints to put on the nodes in the Node Pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--taints))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
